[Music]
right as the end of this week of LCS I'm
joined right now by Han sir
some people known as Kevin Yarnell it
goes by a lot of different names
now Han sir talk to me a little bit
about that Team Liquid game you know I
it was a very strange second game in
particular who hit the two kills in the
beginning so what what went on um I saw
in the second game we tried to choose
him level one by invading and which got
it out pretty well and they five men
stacked and we basically walked into
them I think one person died Peter dead
and then we blew like foursomes so all
of our lanes were behind early and
immediately very hard for us and we had
pretty much to come back the game
overall was pretty bad valley played
bass and we made a lot of mistakes even
though we shouldn't have like it felt
like we were just too aggressive and
trying to get more than the kid and so
it just felt like a bad word for us yeah
now talk to me a little bit about rift
rivals because you know I asked pose the
same question in my interview with Peter
yesterday but I feel like the teams that
went to rift rivals probably were kind
of wishing we didn't have to go to rift
rivals you don't have to make a face you
know because I know riot would rather
you'd be really excited about having one
rift rivals but I do want to ask you
know in a very safe way the opinions you
had about going to ref rivals before you
went there versus after coming back and
having won it was it better than you
expected or I mean I don't know if you
learn anything I don't know if you know
it's just feeling like you're waiting
something gave you some confidence I'm
just kind of curious on the other side
of it how does that look I'm going into
the fellows I was pretty excited to be
able to go to Berlin and letting us at
you teams just like feel out how they
play travel learn as much as we can from
it
obviously for everyone else that wasn't
going they got a break and that I'm kind
of jealous of but we still got like a
pretty good practice in and I think
having more international events like
that helps us like become more stable
and like not throw our lead like world's
last year or not like chokes and so I
really valued the experience a lot
obviously could have been like a better
timing the tournament format could have
been better you know there's lots of
things to improve on but I think that
for the first time it was pretty good
and coming back to you feel like you
gained anything from it RCS I'm a better
team after ref rivals um it really made
us more consistent on stage because you
know we only lost one game and the games
that we won we all play like really
clean and so that's something for us
like to take away to like be more
consistent on international performances
you know something we haven't done in
the past and that's like the biggest
takeaway from proposals I've asked a lot
of different players about this this
weekend but I have noticed that TSM
seems to be most vocal from what I can
tell about their enthusiasm for the
upcoming league of Legends patch that's
haha I'm live right now what are your
what's your take on the patch I think
the patch is really volatile because
they've changed a lot of things and the
Buffalo tality to make like gaudy champs
broken like I said Jays Talon those
types of champions are just going to
snowball really hard to like you but
it's up to like the pros to figure out
how well they are in like how good they
are in competitive and it's like
basically we're all playing on a new
slate now so it's like it's kind of
annoying because we're like getting used
to the second do meta because they also
like change like cinderhulk recently and
those are becoming like really viable
but now they're like as Anthology and
it's like alright now what what the
did we play now it's like we had to find
out it's a race to whoever like finds
out what's best takes and that's kind of
annoying because we've already figured
out the old patch but I guess it's like
what something we have to deal with as a
pro you went with the safe answer which
is well you know like patches they
change different things and pro players
have to adapt
them your your teammate yesterday did
not go with the safe answer he went with
me like this patch is so stupid well I
mean like the the really stupid thing
about is that um it's hot balance patch
right like the patch before it was like
pretty balanced you didn't really have
any super broken pics and those pretty
much up to the team to decide how they
want to play it but now it's like
alright you either have to play this
champion if it's broken or you know fall
behind and they made it like really
volatile and I don't like that aspect of
it now I also want to discuss with you
something that I heard actually we'll
just go with this would you have any
plans for what your career will be after
being a league of Legends pro oh my
god I mean I like to go with the
flow you know and just close by but
you're so do you see yourself remaining
in competitive environments oh yeah it's
just I'm I think I'm a I'm a very
competitive person and after I'm done
with League I'm probably gonna pursue
another hobby of mine which is an MMA oh
thank you thank you and uh I did some
investigative research recently and I've
uncovered this I know and yeah I mean I
it's something I did I've done before
and something like I want to do kind of
on the side right now but obviously
there's not enough time in our schedule
you know we'll see how it goes but I
would like to take some time off after I
retire and like pursue something else
most like in the special arts but um you
know who knows I don't think schools
like the right option for me so yeah
yeah you say you don't have any time
what about like using it as a team
bonding exercise with your teammates
like why don't you just practice with
them a little bit I mean my team like my
management right now it's already like
really sketchy about it because you know
it's like it's a contact sport and you
do get injured sometimes and you know
our risks are are very very fragile and
very valuable so I don't think our TVs I
don't know my teammates would definitely
not enjoy it like can you imagine
bjergsen
frost like trying to fly someone but
there's like with some TSM legends you
know max in doing this best job but for
me lately it's kind of dropped off a
little bit excited
am i MMA episode of TSM legend hoodie
was pretty exciting as I would like that
who like it's all about who ik it's like
take out the anger oh it's like I can
imagine beerus like dennis you
stole my blue this game this is kit
scumbag - yes it's a good way to relieve
stress
are you I understand I don't follow
myself but there's been a ton of photos
of these two dudes that are supposedly
going to face off one of them in a very
blue suit is this something you wish you
could attend um you're talking about the
Mayweather a great fight right yeah
I think it'll be an interesting fight
obviously I think it's more for like
show and money and not really like a
super simply that match rift rivals
yeah the rift rivals of MMA uh kind of
yeah because it's like it's like a
league team playing cs:go like it's the
best league team in the world likes I
guess et like going into like a csgo and
then just like challenging the best team
in csgo and saying they'll beat them
it's like holy do I you got balls
but I guess it's like you know it'll be
an interesting match and I wish I could
attend it but the tickets are like
insanely expensive so here's making a
funny face to your team is leaving so
let's just wrap this up is there
anything you want to say doing the TSM
fans thank you for all the sport we're
gonna take first in the summer
guaranteed to get Boston there boom
thank you that's a great way to finish a
very MMA style you can check out the
rest of our coverage of all things
League of Legends here on my youtube
channel everyone I want to thank you for
subscribing it to my channel what you
haven't subscribed yet oh let's answer
all right well anyway if you haven't
subscribed you should definitely do that
otherwise concert will attack you and
also feel for you to support me over at
Travis CARICOM slash support